what's up YouTube my name is Kenneth
today's video is on David's gear cube
and you might already have seen my first
video on this puzzle and if you haven't
I'll put an annotation at the end of
this video so you can watch that but I
figured I'd do a second short video on
this puzzle because I have put it in a
new configuration and Oscar Van Deventer
the inventor of this puzzle posted in
the twisty puzzle forum this alternate
assembly and as you can see that this
little plus here is normally vertical
and horizontal but right now it's a
little bit askew and basically what I
did is I pulled out every one of these
geared pieces center pieces and I
twisted them counterclockwise one tooth
and and put it back together so now it's
each little cross is askew and when it's
like this in this configuration you can
see it doesn't want to turn I won't turn
at all but of course you can still turn
these corners and when you do you can
turn the center's so that they are no
longer askew and they're perfectly
vertical and horizontal and then the
puzzle will turn like a 2x2 so doing
this alternate assembly it does make the
puzzle a little bit harder to solve it
doesn't make it that much harder but it
is a little bit harder some of the
challenges are first you have to kind of
solve the puzzle so that it gets to this
state and then when you're here
then finally you can flatten the puzzle
out and so anyway I think it's just so
cool
this is one of my favorite puzzles if
you haven't seen my top 5 cubes video
should definitely check that out I'll
put an annotation at the end for that
video and this one definitely made the
list and here's just another reason to
like this puzzle even more so like I
said it's one of my favorite puzzles and
if you want to buy one definitely click
the link in the description to get one
because I think it's really cool so
anyway this is the David's gear cube and
the alternate assembly and that's pretty
much it for this video I figured you
know I do make videos at least every
other weekend and I've been doing weekly
videos for a long time so I thought I
would at least do a short video for you
guys this weekend
and I figure a short video is better
than no video so I hope you guys enjoyed
it thanks guys for watching and of
course have a great day